this videos for all the guys who love
swords
even those made out of cardboard as long
as they look awesome and can be
customized however you like a
well-designed sword is a welcome
addition to anyone's collection a great
sword reflects form precision strength
honor deadly force and a work of art
forged into one masterpiece regardless
if one paper or cardboard sword looks
amazing and how great its form and
design might be the time has come for a
new ultimate cardboard sword to be
revealed the ultimate cardboard sword
should be part knight's sword of Valor
part deadly ninjas katana blade part
powerful spartan blade and part pirate
sword of the high seas gentlemen the
ultimate cardboard sword is any and all
these swords at one time at the same
time
the perfect sort based on whatever you
want to transform it to be I would like
to introduce you all to my newest
ultimate cardboard sword kit the
cardboard sword warrior kit is a nine
piece four x American cardboard
corrugated set that could become a ninja
sword a knight sword a spartan sword or
a pirate sword
complete with a circular space for your
own crest or emblem the kit also comes
with six vials of paint two brushes and
a color guide so you can fully customize
your sword with any color combination
you desire so this is my innovative
design for all you hardcore crafters and
sword fans out there now I'm only
playing to make 250 editions of these
for the summer into fall now why only
250 well though this might look simple
and pretty rudimentary it actually takes
a lot of precision measuring cutting a
lot of good premium cardboard and a fair
amount of time to get each and every one
perfect so everything fits together and
what I'm doing is I'm actually taking
pre-orders because I'm not shipping this
until September 10th of this year so
anyone who orders from when this video
is posted to September 10 I'm offering
to ninja stars to be added to every
pre-order and there's six inches or have
a foot each in diameter and I said they
will fly and I'm offering those as well
as an incentive for every pre-order so
thank you for watching I'm looking
forward to sharing this new limited
edition sword concept with anyone who is
interested in picking up
own complete kit and I assure you that
you'll get the dedication and
workmanship that you come to expect when
you see my videos and the care that I
put it into my many craps 250 might not
be a lot but you know it's out there for
anyone who's interested and based on how
well this does I am planning to come up
with more kits as well including more
sword blades and even other weapons as
well so this is just a start and I hope
it becomes something really special for
everyone out there so all the best on
the homemade game guru take care have a
great summer and look forward to showing
you even more videos more creative ideas
now you ready